= Testing =
 * ~~Test CircleImpl thoroughly, especially intersection~~
 * ~~Port old geohash SOLR-2155 extensive test~~
 * ~~Test sorting~~
 * Test indexing shapes with area

= Performance / Efficiency =
In single valued field case, RecursivePrefix... should use a more efficient cache representation for sorting

= Framework Rework/Refactor =
 * ~~SpatialContext should not be a singleton; tie to a field.~~
 * ~~SpatialContext (with units, calculator, and world bounds) and the prefix trie impl, should be configurable in a Solr field type.~~
 * ~~Make SpatialPrefixTree impl configurable via a factory, and use it from Solr field type.~~
 * distPrec of query should default to that configured on the field.  And add localParams lookup?

= Features =
 * ~~Use needScore local-param for use of Filter vs. ValueSource~~
  * Demonstrate score-sorted order in README, demo app
 * Port & hack geodist() query parser for compatibility with LSP
 * *Benchmarking!*
 * ~~Range query [... TO ...] input method.~~

= Misc =
 * ~~Investigate how R-Trees differ from the RecursivePrefixFilter.~~ -- not same!
  * Find prior-art for Trie implementation of spatial (point, and shape/area too).
 * Are there things we need to do to be more compatible with [http://www.opengeospatial.org/standards OGC]?
  * RectangleImpl constructor args order?
  * IntersectCase enum naming
  * Spatial operations naming
  * DistanceCalculator contains context instead of radius?
  * interpretation of "d" in Circle; degrees or distance?


----
=Not important for 1st Release=
 * A CircleImpl based on cartesian 2d model with dateline wrap, no pole.  Some people may want a circle as projected on mercator, not a true great-circle-distance circle.


== Extras / Demo Related ==
 * Implement proper polygon world-wrap & pole-wrap. Look elsewhere for ideas.